[SWOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we're at an undisclosed
location with Tim.
Tim is a tactical advisor in
the covert governance in Germany
who analyzes and suggests
various strategies in relation
to extraterrestrial groups
in contact with Earth.
Tim, welcome to the show.
>>TIM: Thank you for having me.
>>EMERY: We understand our
history in a linear fashion.
How do the ETs
you have contacted
recall our human history?
>>TIM: Interestingly, they
totally look differently
upon the history of humankind.
And this was something that
I found really interesting,
because I was thinking that
communicating with beings that
have so much knowledge
and even found
a way to store their
knowledge over star systems
like the Greys where every--
all the insular information
are connected to each other
and been given over millions
of light years very quickly.
I was surprised to find out
that different species have
different stories
about human history.
And also, I mean, history has
been rewritten so many times
that there might also
be some confusion.
And we also have to deal with
the effect of failed timelines,
which is a naturally occurring
physical effect in the universe
that we have a time strain
in the middle of everything
that is a stable and successful
evolvement of the universe.
And once other strains
or lines are explored,
there are always
fading timelines.
When someone moves into
an unstable timeline
and it gets failed because
of self-destructive behavior,
of random occurring
incidents, or just
because the consciousness
units decides
to go back to a certain
place and just leave
what they just explored, then
you have a failed timeline.
And all those failed
timelines get reintegrated
into the successful
main time strain,
which is pretty positive.
So the universe is
making like a backup plan
so that everything
will turn out right.
Because once a version or a
parallel version of yourself
failed, you probably
didn't even notice that,
because the observer stays
inside of the successful line.
That doesn't mean that dying is
the same as a failed timeline.
A failed timeline just means
that memory gets reintegrated
into the successful
main time strain.
And because everything
is in real time
and everything is
moving fluently,
an observer might
not even notice that.
>>EMERY: Having defined
these ground rules,
can you offer some
examples about our history
according to the ETs
you've talked to?
>>TIM: Oh, yeah, interesting.
So the perspective, for
example, of Being 6,
which is a Level
6 consciousness,
being outside of dimension.
So what they think about
human history is super exotic.
They see everything
as source with kind
of probabilities that
create systems in which life
can be experienced.
And they are saying
that everything
we're experiencing right now is
a very, very old, old thought
that comes from
the source itself.
And it kind of makes sense.
So if you have an apple and
you're looking at the apple,
the information that
comes back to you
is not the present
information, because it
takes some time inside of time
to get the information back.
The light from the
moon takes one second
and the light from
the sun to the Earth
is about eight
minutes away from us.
So everything we see
is just a past version
of what we're looking at.
So the distance between
our sun and the Earth
is very small compared to the
overall size of the universe.
So imagine that when you
zoom out of time, which
this being does, it
looks upon everything
from an outside perspective.
And they realize that what
we actually are looking upon
is a very old, ancient thought.
They have that idea that
every sun is a direct portal
to source itself.
What they see is a huge
field of light in which
there are some dark spots.
And those dark spots
have some controversy,
something to explore
inside of source itself.
Source itself experiences
itself and explores itself.
So what they say
about history is
that source was curious
what it's like to be here.
And from that
perspective-- and again,
this is their perspective, and
it's totally different to other
stories we've heard--
they have placed the
pyramid exactly where
Giza is, because that is also
the coordinates of the speed
of light exactly on the
top of the pyramid in order
to split light and
the thought that we
are experiencing right here.
And through that process of
building that pyramid there,
without even having humans in
existence and on this planet,
source could observe itself.
And this is the reason
from that perspective why
we see this all-seeing eye
everywhere on the pyramid,
because that kind of was the
way the technology that source
and Being 6 used in
order to observe itself.
>>EMERY: What
examples in history
can you share from
the ET perspective?
>>TIM: So the Grey master line
has a very different approach
to reality and what's
happening, because they
perceive the universe as a
mental and cognitive concept.
They also think it's
a very old thought.
But from their
perspective, they have
thought that thought and
brought it into existence.
And because they
experienced this factor
of being so isolated and
alone in the universe,
because there is no
actual you, there's
no actual me, from that
perspective it's just empty.
And the universe is
so alone and so sad
that they actually committed
some kind of suicide
in order to create
another thought where
they have a reason to be.
And that is their master
line getting erased.
So they created this
reality from their history--
and you see, history is
totally different from species
to species--
in order to experience
togetherness and maybe
the opportunity to exchange
and to experience diversity.
From their perspective it's that
they have built the second two
pyramids that we find in Egypt
that are aligned to Orion,
which is also the material
universal headquarters
of the Greys at some point.
We we're talking about
these Zeta Reticuli.
This is some-- there's a
planet inside of the star
system of Orion.
They've built those pyramids.
They align to Orion.
Humans, which they
have created from apes,
could go inside of
the pyramid, get rid
of their biological
being, their body,
and get transported into
the system of the Greys.
And then reach out
back to humanity
and also get integrated
into this community of Greys
in order to explore
the universe and also
to benefit from the
spirituality from human beings.
So the main ingredient
in humans is bonobo DNA.
So bonobos are very social--
a very socializing species.
Probably one of the most--
they have the most
socializing group dynamics
within all of the
monkeys and apes.
So the Greys totally
benefit from that,
and that is their story.
>>EMERY: You just shared with
us some significant historical
information, which
is that the Greys are
responsible for creating
humanity from apes.
Is it with their own DNA or
with the DNA from other beings?
>>TIM: It is the
Greys that claim
to be the fathers of humanity.
I've already raised
that question,
if this is the whole truth
and nothing but the truth,
because from now, from
our standpoint now,
we know that there are
several species that
have created or manipulated
the human species.
Maybe that's
something that falls
under this alternative reality
thing and parallel timelines
getting connected.
But it's their firm
belief that they
are the fathers of humanity.
And I know other
species are saying, no.
We did that.
The Being 6, they are
claiming that they
use all these perfectly
mathematical statues that you
can find in Giza in
order to create humans,
in order to have
movable consciousness
units to experience
what's happening
inside this version
of the universe.
So there are many, many,
many different versions
of the same history, or maybe
it's not the same history.
We don't know.
At this point where we are,
we find an aligned strain
of history, and we find
evidence for everything
I've just told you.
But it just doesn't seem to be
a linear history to humanity.
>>EMERY: Who created
the pyramids, Tim?
According to the Greys.
>>TIM: According to the history
of the Greys, they don't know.
They found a system
where there was already
a pyramid, the pyramid of Giza.
They found-- they
created humans from apes
and also placed them at
different spots in the world.
They were talking about India as
one of the original spots where
people come from.
And they brought
parts of their system
onto Earth, which is especially
economical systems and also
elite systems.
And through that, they expanded
their system more and more
over the Earth.
And it happens to be something
disastrous happened in Egypt
to their history, which
means that the area
around the pyramids weren't
a desert in the first place.
Something bad happened there.
Species that were
genetically modified
became warrior-type
species, got into war,
and something bad happened then.
Then we had the flood.
And to extract some
of the material
the Greys placed there, they had
those two other pyramids built
in order to use the benefits
of the first pyramid
and to extract the souls of
those humans that were living
there, and in order to bring
them to the Orion star system,
and to integrate them
into their community.
That is what the Greys say.
>>EMERY: Is there another
historical perspective
about the pyramids
from other beings?
>>TIM: Yes.
There are beings inside of Being
6 that we were talking about,
and I think that's one of
the reasons why we could call
it Galactic Federation,
because they sometimes
call themselves this way.
I don't know if
they do it in order
to communicate with
people or if they really
name themselves this way.
I don't know that.
But from their
perspective, there
were already humans on Earth.
The pyramid was used--
or let me say they gave
technology to those beings,
to those humans.
And they were doing that
because humans at that time
were spiritually and open-minded
enough to accept influences
from outside.
They were basically not very
far advanced in technology,
but they were
spiritually evolved
enough to contact other beings.
>>EMERY: How old would
you say the pyramids are?
>>TIM: So according
to them, they
are timeless, outside of time,
which means they have no time.
They are information
that appears pretty old,
but they aren't.
They just have no time to them.
But inside of time, we probably
are talking about 15,000 years
at least, because
that is the time when
this catalyst was happening.
Whatever was before that
time, at least I don't know.
>>EMERY: What do ETs say about
the purpose of the pyramids?
Are they still active today?
>>TIM: According
to Being 6, again,
which is a being outside of
time, outside of dimensions,
which has a different
view on everything,
the original purpose
of the pyramid
placed there was to
split light in a way
so that source could
observe itself.
That is why the pyramid
of Giza was actually
created outside of time and
outside of the dimension.
Some things-- I'm not sure of
everything-- but some things
have an equivalent in
time and outside of time.
And according to them,
the pyramid in Giza
has an equivalent
outside of time.
The Greys were
using the pyramids
to orient them to
the Orion star system
and in order to bring out
humans to their system.
That's what they used it for.
That is why they are
aligned to Orion.
And we also find different
space portals or at least
sites all across the globe
that are in alignment
with Orion star system.
That is where the Greys took
all their material, which
they called humans that
are willing to be extracted
to their system and to
their net of collectiveness
and collective memory.
This is the one purpose that
the Greys were speaking about.
Other beings-- and I think
they are called Arcturians.
I don't know that.
It's been a long
time, and I'm not
very good at those
pop cultural names.
But there are beings that are
claiming that the pyramids have
more than two chambers.
So the pyramid of Giza has
more than two chambers,
and it has a lot more
functions than just one.
The one thing that it was
surely not and never has been
is a tomb.
It's never been used as a tomb.
And I think that's
pretty much proven,
because when they
found the pyramid,
they were using TNT
in order to break up
the doors and the entrances.
And they found those
containers which they refer to
as sarcophagus, but there has
never, ever been a human body
inside of that.
According to those
species, there
are several more chambers
inside of the pyramid of Giza.
They were used for
healing purposes,
as well as in Mexico where
they have those pyramids which
can be accessed by a
whole group of people,
whereas the pyramid in
Egypt, the Giza pyramid,
was used individually.
And those chambers were
used for healing purposes.
They were also used to introduce
people to spiritual awakening
feelings.
They were also used for
communication purposes.
They also used some kind
of natural occurring energy
in order to condense frequencies
so that higher frequential
beings have a potential
to communicate
with 3D bodies and 3D people.
And they were
storing memory there.
And they also, by the way they
were designed, were conducting
electricity, because
what they told
me is that in the original
version of the Giza pyramid,
you have a basement of
some kind of material
that conducts energy.
You have a so-called permidium
in the top that is either
the plus or the minus pole.
I don't know anymore.
And you have a neutral
part in the midst.
And over that, there was some
very bright, shining chalk
cover.
And through that, you
have a natural kind
of electricity and conduction
system built into the pyramid.
So people who are arguing
possibly about, what's
the function to
the pyramid, there
seem to be a lot of functions,
at least to the Giza pyramids.
>>EMERY: Are they
still active today?
>>TIM: Apparently,
there seems to have
been some kind of polar
change of the magnetic field
of the planet itself,
because at some time
the alignment of the
planet was rotating.
People can see that
through exploring
the different levels
of stone and sand,
and they find that there.
So A, that.
And B, they are
pretty much ruined.
On the top of the pyramid where
the so-called permidium should
be, the materials should
be conducting electricity,
and it's been stolen.
Because at some point,
they used gold for that.
They didn't do that in
the original version.
They used some other
material, which
I do not know what
it was right now,
but then used something else.
And then later on
they put gold on it,
and that got removed and stolen.
So that is something that is
problematic to the function
of the pyramids.
But as it's been
said to me, they
are still active and still
doing some kind of function.
>>EMERY: How can you
explain the sacred geometry
of the pyramids?
>>TIM: They are a
geometrical form,
which means that
they alter the way
the natural geometrical
flow of energy is curving.
This was one of the
first purposes for them
in order to break off,
to split off light
so the source kind of
experiences itself.
You know remember the eye?
And they are still doing that.
Every pyramidal
structure everywhere,
doesn't matter which
size, they always
alter the way the geometrical
flow of energy is going.
So that's what they still do.
They are still a point of
high-frequential energy
on this planet.
>>EMERY: So Tim, would you
say the extraterrestrials
helped influence, stop,
or sabotage World War II?
In what way were the
ETs an influence?
>>TIM: We know that
there was at least
a high-frequential
observation of what's
going on in the world
at World War II,
because of course,
it was a catalyst
and a high energetic
time at that time.
We also-- or at least it's
been said and assumed--
that there was some kind of
sabotage on possibly both sides
that made this war more
possible and entered into--
resulted in that bad
ending that it became.
The reason why Greys or other
time-traveling species are not
going back and healing
that is because it's
relevant for the
evolution of the Earth.
We have, for example,
Germany that was going--
so it wasn't basically
Germany, but the documents
state that it's
especially Himmler
and the SS that kind of was
the breakaway civilization
from that time.
It seems as if
Hitler at some point
didn't know what was
happening with all
the SS and the
technology that the SS--
they were basically doing
the same black budget
stuff that happened
later on, and they
were trying to shift all their
equipment down to Antarctica.
There's more and more
evidence to that.
And basically, we have a
still existing timeline
with the Nazis from that time.
There are still
influences and basically
things that need to be
repaired, but they need
to be repaired from inside.
So you cannot just go from
outside and make things not
happen, because then all the
timelines would get into chaos
and confusion.
As strange as it
might seem or sound,
Germans will at some
point play a role
in the healing of the karma that
has happened in that time, just
as much as a lot
of other nations
will have to play their part.
So that is why you cannot go
and make World War II undone,
even though a lot of other
wars that have happened and led
to failed timelines do
not play a role anymore,
because they officially didn't
appear on our timeline where
we're on.
>>EMERY: In the 1940s, we
have multiple UFO crash
sites in North America.
What happened with those?
>>TIM: We are touching
that in another episode,
but to my knowledge, especially
the Greys and another species,
for example, which has
been called Ebens by the US
military, and even some
other species as well,
they were doing some
efforts in balancing out
technology advancement in
the history of the humans.
We see that, for
example, regarding
to the atomic bomb,
which firstly, I
know this is
controversial, but there's
a lot of evidence to that, that
the Germans were the ones who
were pretty far advanced
in that program.
And they tried to bring
that down to Antarctica
with special submarines
inside of the fueler convoy.
And some of them were
captured by US military ships
and naval submarines and stuff.
And this is how the technology
then went to, I think,
Los Alamos-- or where
was it invented?
I think that's it.
And then used
against the Japanese.
After that, we find
that the atomic bomb is
given to different, other
regions in the world,
counterplay us.
And this pretty much was done so
you have a balanced world where
technology, even though
it's super destructive--
and the Greys, they shut
down several atomic bombs.
They were very, very aware
of how potentially dangerous
that is.
But they calculated that
the best way to maneuver
around things is to
give it to other places
so that we have the
strategic balance
because in some timelines,
things didn't turn out that
well with the atomic
bomb just on one side.
>>EMERY: What do
you mean by balance?
>>TIM: I think the
same balacing strategy
that we find with the nuclear
bomb has happened to the UFO
craft thing with the Americans,
because at that time,
Germany seemed to have explored
the technology of UFO crafts
a lot more than any other
country in the world.
There's a lot of
evidence to that
when we're talking about
the incident in 1947
with Admiral Byrd who saw all
these craft in Antarctica.
You can see that the
Germans were pretty much
ahead at that time.
And there was some kind of acc--
or let's say effort
from some species.
The Greys were trying
to balance out that.
But I'm pretty
sure that the Greys
played at least some
role in bringing
that UFO to the Americans.
And also bringing that
to the Russians as well,
and them bringing
that to, I don't
know, several other countries.
>>EMERY: Who's doing this,
the Ebens or the Greys?
>>TIM: I think that because
the Ebens and the Greys
were at war at that time,
and the Ebens were doing
observation flights
over the US territory
in order to see what's
happening with the A bombs
and the nuclear
stuff over there,
the Ebens were not invasive.
They are not an invasive--
not so much invasive
at the Greys.
And my theory is
because they were at war
that the Greys
realized, oh, when
we bring that UFO down
and make it look naturally
and the Americans
find that technology,
then that will create Roswell
and Corona, and at some point
it will turn out fine.
>>EMERY: With what we've
learned in this episode,
how should we look
at our history now?
>>TIM: I think the most
important thing, at least
that I have learned
about history,
is that history is
mostly a construct,
and it depends heavily on
the perspective upon it.
We also learned that there are
lots of influences and forces
that, I mean, put it positively,
that are trying to protect
Earth, that are guiding Earth.
We haven't gone too much into
high influential beings that
affected the Earth and giving
ideas and direction just
by cognitive content.
That is also something that is
not so much hands-on history
and manipulating
history and timelines,
but it's affecting
human history every day,
because those ideas and
very significant ideas that
bring this species, this
world, this evolution further
into their evolution
and development
are coming as ideas, spontaneous
ideas to some people.
And those people have
affected human history a lot.
A lot.
And I think that's
very positive,
and it's a good way
to think about it,
that there is someone--
not only one, but an
enormous number of beings
that overlook what's
happening here.
They're guiding,
they're helping,
and we always can
reach out to them.
>>EMERY: Tim, that was amazing.
Thank you so much for
being on the show.
>>TIM: Thank you very
much for having me.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Till next time.
[THEME MUSIC]
>>ANNOUNCER: Next on
"Cosmic Disclosure."
>>TIM: A lot of religious
ideas do come from contact
with exotic beings,
higher influences.
And this species that
I'm talking about
found it very important to let
us know that they influenced
the Templars.
They also had greyish
skin and huge heads.
But different to the
Greys and other species,
they looked and they had this
red cross upon their robe.
The Templars at that time
seemed to have received contact
from those beings.